Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address? I had a client named Artemis financial are a finical company that develops plans for many things like savings, retirement and many more. They wanted to add a file verification step to the web application they were using to make it more secure.
What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing? So, for me the thing I felt I was good at was suppressing false positives. You want to make sure to code securely and eliminate all the chances for exposing your code to vulnerabilities. You add protection to a company’s well being and makes the company run safe.
What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you? There were a lot of tough things I had to go through. They are biggest one was assessing the areas of vulnerability for the report. These were very challenging.
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use? I made sure to see which was the most vulnerable pieces of my client’s project and made sure to increase the security and make the code stronger.
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? I made sure to make sure my code was working and functionalities making sure it was secure by doing static and dynamic testing. I wanted to make sure none of the dependencies were exploited.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks? I found the dependency checker to be extremely useful to mei will also be using it in the future with new jobs.
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment? I would like to show them my use of dependency checker. I would like to do this so they can see I can find vulnerabilities.
